Gwenevere Abriel: You seem like you've got something weighing heavy on. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I'm just not feeling good much. My lungs are hurting pretty bad. My throat hurts.
Alicia Noedel: Two days ago I started getting like, body aches and like cold sweats and I felt really hot, but I didn't have a fever anything
Alicia Noedel: Last night. Oh, a cane started feeling sick and this morning I woke up with my lungs kind of feeling weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Any, any like the congestion is the phlegm there.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Oh, I don't mind sharing that at all.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I mean, it could be because I like
This week,
Alicia Noedel: Just because I've been getting, like, kind of like cabin fever from being in the house for so long, I started to smoke more
Alicia Noedel: Oh, be, you know, from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. I'm with you. I'm with you.
Alicia Noedel: But, um, the baby's teething.
Alicia Noedel: And she's having a rough times like with the sleeping and everything so
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do something that
Gwenevere Abriel: Has hopefully a positive effect on still if we see if we can set some
Gwenevere Abriel: warm, fuzzy feelings to an object. I want to see if we can find if you're up to, um, let's see if we can find it might mean you walking around your place a little bit. I'll show you what I mean by a neutral object and then you have to think of one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to think of
Gwenevere Abriel: A neutral object that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no negative memory. Oh, this is when I had blah, blah, blah. And you look at it, you're like, really happy really happy. No, just neutral. So for example, you know, it's a little earbuds case, you know, headphones or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like I glass bag or something like that. Something that has really something neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'd be nice if it was not too big, just in case it needed to travel with you think someone texted Jeff.
Alicia Noedel: I'm going my nose spray
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep thinking as that's got much meaning in it. I mean, neutral, so I'm
Alicia Noedel: Gonna say my notebook, but no books mean a lot to me too. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But take your time. So just pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's a lot of meaning to different things. But that's part of the searches. We're going to try and find something that really is like this just neither here nor there. I'm not drawn to it, nor repulsed from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, baby.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, she's been screaming for like an hour now. She's having a really hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: Calm, that might be a possibility that one might not be bad. Let's keep that one. Do you have anything like any little, little river river stones, anything like that that are neutral.
Alicia Noedel: My niece Codex rocks.
Alicia Noedel: And she has like 100 rocks in our house. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be something I'd want you to keep
Alicia Noedel: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm asking you to go look.
Alicia Noedel: See if I can find a small piece of this
Alicia Noedel: Ever string of coral.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's think about it like this. If I were to work with you and you had
Gwenevere Abriel: An experience that was a positive one. And you had this sort of sense of odd. This is a sort of an object that I can take with me if I was ever going anywhere. Yeah, yeah. Now, can you can you keep that. Okay. Yeah, let's do that one. I like how small it is.
Alicia Noedel: Get back to my little group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let me take a look at that baby what you got.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you paint that
Alicia Noedel: My niece painted it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think that might be a good one. We're going to go with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So overall, your
Gwenevere Abriel: House your stress level with baby teething walking with virus with just everything going on your recovery. Just the whole thing, kind of, where have you been house how distressed. Have you been
Alicia Noedel: I I been a little
Alicia Noedel: Cuz late lately. I haven't been, you know, since you kind of set that set me straight. That sounds horrible. But like, you know, told me, like, Why worry about things. I can't control sort of thing.
Alicia Noedel: I've been kind of mellow and like that helped me put things into perspective, a lot, but it's the past like three days.
Alicia Noedel: A good death toll rising and you know people getting really, really sick. And it started to get a little higher. My anxiety and being stressed out about everything.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was thinking about, I think we'll spend some time with that today. Okay, and see if we can kind of do some work with that and and with that rock, you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been noticing that in my clients and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this is something that, again, we don't have the answers yet we don't. Yeah, we don't have control over it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that you were able to kind of compartmentalize it somehow. And now it's back
Gwenevere Abriel: But also, do you notice the context that you're also feeling poorly.
Alicia Noedel: I mean, I'm not sure if I'm actually feeling, you know, sick or if it's just like, kind of like a reverse placebo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Like knowing that there's something out there that has all the symptoms that like I'm feeling very mild because I don't feel like extremely sick, like I need to go to the hospital, but like
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychology I has a term. Actually, this comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear this isn't you but it you know how you're saying this reverse
Gwenevere Abriel: reverse psychology
Gwenevere Abriel: Placebo
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think I know what you're trying to say, I'm gonna, I want to pull the definition up so you can see it. See if this was what you're thinking.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, it's my anniversary today.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to find a way to kind of celebrate that.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I don't know, I, my mom might watch the baby for a few hours and will probably play video games thing.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: There's not much to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know, but keeping keeping on tradition in ritual in place right now. Really important.
Alicia Noedel: Right, I'll probably make dinner or something. He likes pasta. I'll probably make like Fettuccine Alfredo or something, some good
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what would you like to receive as a gesture of love language to you, what would feel like love to you on this special day.
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I I'm a big gesture person like I'm not, I'm not like the for a new person to expect big extravagant gifts or you know even want that the littlest things make me feel loved, because it's the effort that counts.
Alicia Noedel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But she you notice how you didn't give me one you just give me an explanation about hi
Alicia Noedel: No, no, I was gonna
Alicia Noedel: I was gonna continue
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me
Alicia Noedel: Like a letter.
Alicia Noedel: A poem
Alicia Noedel: Little things little things like that.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I've been just, you know,
Alicia Noedel: If I had about running a bathroom me or you know something. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like he's gonna miss a beat. Is there any way he would miss it and not not get those done for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are seeking Him.
Alicia Noedel: Is he gonna remember
Alicia Noedel: He's pretty consider it of things like that.
Alicia Noedel: And he knows that I'm a, I'm a big
Alicia Noedel: I'm like I'm I
Alicia Noedel: I show affection by like being loving and, you know, touch, that's how I show you know that I love you and so
Alicia Noedel: He knows that that things like that little things are what you know make me feel special.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there is any chance that it looks like he's not going to do that for you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just playing with this idea of giving yourself permission to
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring poetry into it, bringing that back into it on your own and it may seem weird well but just making sure self soothing that that stuff is there. Don't deprive yourself just because right because he's going through this stress to
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean he doesn't love you just means
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe pawn didn't come up or running the Boston come up so
Alicia Noedel: Also, you know, sometimes you need to tell men was
Alicia Noedel: Like the not very you know that
Alicia Noedel: That way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you're now you're getting my point. I was dancing it
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Alicia Noedel: They don't know until you're mad, we can't expect them to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know they actually mind reading does not actually exist. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm I would really be an expert at it. If anybody could
Gwenevere Abriel: But even realize
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's, that's not my space that's your space. And so if we get over the fact that will you should know by now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you know if we get over that and say, no matter what. I just want I want this to be an easy really loved. I want to feel loved. I want you to feel love you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could be a, you know, if you're wondering how to kind of make me feel, you know, to honor today would love a little poem or run a bubble bath or something sweet like that. You know how you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy for them, be like, Oh, snap. I'm so so glad she gave me an hour because I forgot. I didn't know what to do now.
Alicia Noedel: Well for Valentine's Day. He bought me. You know how they get pieces of glass like squares of glass and then they etch things inside of them like glass cut
Alicia Noedel: for Valentine's Day. He told me, You know, we don't have money for our anniversary. I got you this. And so he got me a picture of our family portrait engraved in glass and then he got another like heart shaped glass necklace with my daughter's face action to it for Mother's Day.
Alicia Noedel: So, you know, he's pretty ahead of the
Curve.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll probably do just fine today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yummy. So this word that I thought you might have been searching for is now i this is not the label. I'm giving what you're talking about. But if you wanted to play with another word. Let me show you. It's a word I play with when I'm describing myself. I'll show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a word on I might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm being a hypochondriac.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Alicia Noedel: I yeah i know what i hypochondria yeah
Alicia Noedel: So the things that there's all kinds of things wrong with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but we if we say it, then we're like, Okay, I have some perspective that I might that the stress itself, although we say how can
Gwenevere Abriel: We call this word stress, but it actually has a chemical response in our body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we say okay
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be because I I'm over right number that halts like I'm overtired I'm also not feeling well.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I'm exhausted, too.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you might go around and say, I might be a hypochondriac. Maybe I got to really see if this is this breathing just me because I'm just so focused on it. Is this wedding, because I'm just so focused on it. Um, but that that might be all it takes is just that dual awareness and saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me, let me just see how long this last and if I really look at it and pay attention to it. The
Alicia Noedel: Oil. So know that they were saying like when when you do have Cobra 19 that the symptoms don't just come on very slowly it
Alicia Noedel: You know hits you.
Alicia Noedel: Already hard
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, so, you know, if I start getting worse, you know, in an hour, two hours. The way you know with the cold or the flu. You know, one day you'll wake up and you have a cough and your nose is ready and you know you have a little bit of body aches and that'll last the whole day.
Alicia Noedel: And you won't feel worse that whole day until like probably the nighttime go to sleep, wake up. And then you feel worse the next day. It's a slower progression. I guess then opening TEAM COVERAGE IN PROGRESS is a lot faster.
Alicia Noedel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know that that's that's useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I mean, I think it's pretty natural for all of us to be like
Alicia Noedel: Mike Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, is that, and so then I look at it, and I'm like, huh, okay, ya know, that was only like three or four times that went away. But how do we all not pay attention to that of course we're going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're, you're, you got to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Your shoe. How many hours did you get asleep really back to back, because she was teasing.
Alicia Noedel: Me to sleep at to
Alicia Noedel: woke up this morning at six for appointment, because I like to wake up a little earlier, just in case.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yeah, see, so there wasn't a lot of sleep. So what's going to be probably
Alicia Noedel: It's been like that for like the past four days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're remembering. It's okay. And, but it also, it's not a small thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to say, well, that that could make me more sort of sensitive to highs and lows of a mood throughout the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we can play with that word a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Better country.
Alicia Noedel: You know, a few of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you do
Gwenevere Abriel: You're like, oh, you got this. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about his health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go in here and look a little bit more. I've got you got that little rock. Let's see where we left off a couple other things we were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, my ears are really bad this morning.
Alicia Noedel: I could also have like allergies. I have like a little inner ear tickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Alicia Noedel: Or my hair was on all night. I could just the, you know, dry recycle air all night.
Alicia Noedel: If you need some fresh air.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do this, let's take this rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: We call this
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the goal of this is to sort of create
Gwenevere Abriel: An automatic response to your holding this rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, let's say you were going to go somewhere and you had some trepidation over it. I have to go for some people it's they have to go to court or they have to go to a doctor, they have to go even even shopping
Alicia Noedel: Might right now. Yeah, it's the store for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Alicia Noedel: Like today I have to go to the store.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you can use is we're going to, you don't have to hold that in front of me. You can just
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in your pocket, just kind of put it, put it in your right hand. Just get a feel for it. And so maybe what we'll do is we'll have this rock be
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a positive imagery rock that it said, I don't want to say the word hypnosis, because I'm not going to do hypnosis, but
Gwenevere Abriel: A touchstone right this is how I can feel okay again and let that be sort of the button to getting back into your body out of the worry mind back into
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's okay. I feel good again. So I don't we can come up with a name for it.
Alicia Noedel: Like grounded. Okay, feeling more grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we call you want to call it a grounding rock.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about what about a grounding stone. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We change the name because that's got that groundings a long word if we want to change it, we can. Let's do this.
Alicia Noedel: Because I was gonna stay stability with us. Just as long so
Gwenevere Abriel: will will will find it. We can change in hundred times.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's when you think of the stone and there may be words this week. Do do this exercise together that come up and then that will transform the name. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. I'm going to do it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want one to
Gwenevere Abriel: Mine. So let's close the eyes and see if you can feel. And I do want it in your right hand.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
You can
Gwenevere Abriel: But this right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlled by the left part of your brain. The weather has words and it's got lots of knowledge stored information. It's what we often think of it as our, sort of like just sticks logical part of our mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just get a sense if you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Any emotion, one way or the other around this grounding stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just watch your own awareness come and go like to just get a sense of things first.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a sense of its neutrality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so it's neutral. It's neither distressing nor exhilarating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got the emotion there that neutral that experience of neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can bring it
Gwenevere Abriel: Some images, maybe have something really positive. Let's see if we can take this neutral grounding stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's attach it to a positive image. What's a positive image that that you get just as I invited
Gwenevere Abriel: Something really really positive that we're going to attach to this groundings done
Alicia Noedel: Like a place or
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of the above.
Alicia Noedel: I just thought about like a big field.
Alicia Noedel: Of like flowers are beautiful sunny day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into that. And notice the temperature of that day and how the errors are moving on that field of flowers.
Gwenevere Abriel: The colors of the flowers are just the types of flowers.
Alicia Noedel: It's kinda like the Wizard of Oz at the end when they go through the poppies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it. I just saw
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Field poppies. What color poppies.
Alicia Noedel: purplish pink fuchsia.
Alicia Noedel: Magenta maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get a sense all the sudden never smell.
Alicia Noedel: Just smells kind of like nature like the countryside and you're like,
Alicia Noedel: I don't know how to describe it is fresh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: Fresh countries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can connect that grounding stone to that space to them imagery. How are they connected. How can we bring what you're feeling in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: To that magenta field of poppies.
Alicia Noedel: That's where I found it.
Alicia Noedel: Is only rockin the whole field.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion you get that you found the only rock in the field, you have it in your right hand. What's the emotion.
Excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking
Alicia Noedel: Good. I'm lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: You found the only one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how your body feels in this imagery of the magenta poppies and fresh countryside warm sunny day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it know excitement. How does it know that's true or does it feel excited
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Excited I'm things
Alicia Noedel: Like jittery
Gwenevere Abriel: And are they doing that now.
Alicia Noedel: little tingly. Yeah, it's just kind of like
Alicia Noedel: Like are more aware of how my hands feel
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how about the feet. Let's scan the body on it kind of check in, since I can't see you. How the feet doing kind of tune in there.
Alicia Noedel: Everything else is pretty calm.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this experience as true as any other imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. Can this be just as true as some other imagined thing.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really feel feel those
Alicia Noedel: tingly hand something negative. You mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's what I was doing. I don't hide it. That's what I was doing. Yeah. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of playing with that rational mind now now. Well, if we're going to just make up a story will, why don't we make up a positive one in our head. So yeah, that's what I'm doing. So now just go tactile really feel this grounding stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Juliet edges with your tingly excited feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking I'm lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: I found the only rock in the field.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel the edges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going around the edges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing the sensation of the sun on your skin. The warm
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling again. Other parts of that stone feeling also
Gwenevere Abriel: Connecting to the magenta poppies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Countryside a fresh smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the excitement of finding the only rock and I'm lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hands tinguely
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice anything else come up
Alicia Noedel: Park that me and my exit. I was with for a really long time came up for a second.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, but
Alicia Noedel: It went away, Radiohead. And I didn't let it invade that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you prevent it from invading
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I just did, you know, shoot it away.
Cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Alicia Noedel: Does that was one of my favorite parks.
Alicia Noedel: My whole life. So before it held really great memories.
Alicia Noedel: But I'm
Alicia Noedel: Afternoon so much
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, that might be something later, it could transform for now kind of wanting you to have something mobile in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to ground yourself and feel calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: accepting those tingly hands that are excited
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you can go there when you show away something that you don't want to be thinking and feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go to this grounding stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just as you were talking about the park. Let's check in there a little bit. Did, did you notice anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like when you did the shooing away. What happened to the hands of the body.
Alicia Noedel: Um, it kind of like broke my focus your second
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Because I i only been to one you know Park. That was my favorite part with a huge field.
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: When you think about sun hitting my face I'm unlike wind and fresh nature, smell, that's where I think of
Alicia Noedel: But I tried to to make it to where this place was more powerful than any of those memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there was a longing to go to a real one. And then there was mixed feelings that
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow the purity of it because of that relationship.
Alicia Noedel: I didn't want to contaminate this exercise with it with, you know, a bad memory.
Alicia Noedel: And this place being linked to a place where I spent, you know, a lot of time with somebody who wasn't very good to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about that park. Is there a way to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of have this
Gwenevere Abriel: imagery of this person and the way you were treated have that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: To go on a container go on a distancing
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, because I went to that place before
Alicia Noedel: I knew him.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I've gone since after with working
Alicia Noedel: It's my favorite part in the whole world. I love it so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I guess I have this feeling of not wanting you to have access to something that special, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's now just remembering so we can shoo away having to reflect on this is who I was. This is how I was treated. How dare you any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, shoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoo. And so seeing, seeing these integrated maybe playing a little bit with that imagery with this stone in your hand. Let's go back to how it feels, because we've probably been up in our thoughts now feel that stone in your hand again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how it gives you permission to just have the clarity of pure and simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: The excitement of being
Gwenevere Abriel: In a field.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing in puppies and fresh smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with a breath of comfort blow the rest of way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are negative things they can go
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have to reel against them, they will come up. They are part of our history, just a breath of comfort no warm sunny day, they just blow away, they're not
Gwenevere Abriel: True for you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: They come into awareness and they're gone again and you get to enjoy.
Gwenevere Abriel: The presence of this field. This park this poppies bringing maybe an integration of those poppies into your favorite place just making it just beautiful. Just so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe replacing where you sat or
Gwenevere Abriel: What used to be, what has just been blown away, bringing more poppies there that what has come is
Gwenevere Abriel: Growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: From those difficulties.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's mulch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Composting
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's coming out of it is just beautiful.
See you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that in your hand and that stone and see if you can see, having found
Gwenevere Abriel: That rock in that entire place and you found it and how lucky you are to appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not bother to look
Gwenevere Abriel: Into a found it so uniquely you
Gwenevere Abriel: Other sounds we can let them come in and they don't go to
Gwenevere Abriel: How the hands are feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up
Alicia Noedel: Guess, kind of like euphoria.
Alicia Noedel: I feel very relaxed and safe.
Alicia Noedel: It's
Alicia Noedel: Hard to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still acknowledging the rock. Can you make me look at it now and let's say something like in your own style.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for grounding me to my euphoria natural to my relaxed body to my safety you ground me to my safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that. I really because I want this with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to take it outside the house.
Alicia Noedel: Thank you for being a comfort to me whenever I have
Alicia Noedel: A problem keeping my cool
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: Thank you for being
Alicia Noedel: Something that can keep me grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is it about the way it looks and feels it's going to help you remember the field of poppies and the fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: Air
Gwenevere Abriel: Warm fun scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it.
Alicia Noedel: There's a smooth edge with a divot my thumb fits in.
Alicia Noedel: Who, when we were talking about it. I just was rubbing it right there. They get a divot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can bring the reminder of comfort and keeping cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the negative emotion that you would rather keep your cool
Alicia Noedel: Worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In place of worry
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's have that a little bit like to just see what happens when you just now remember we were just talking about the end. Dr. Kind of wanting to have those two two containers might not be able to pull it off today since we've only got
Gwenevere Abriel: About a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you happen to have them already set up.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Oh,
Alicia Noedel: She's screaming really loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Well, we'll do that another time. Let's just do this last piece here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you try on a little bit of that worry about going shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, a little bit. Just pull it up to a
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know.
Alicia Noedel: You cut it. You were cutting out a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take a second and give, give yourself a moment where. Okay, I'm going to start to plan going to the store and bring up just a little bit of that negative thinking and worry
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go to the store and what happens
Alicia Noedel: Um, for me, it's, it's like I I'm not too worried about it because I have to go to Walmart.
Alicia Noedel: But it's like I don't start to get nervous until we pull into the parking lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: He pulled in.
Alicia Noedel: I can feel it. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. You feel it.
Alicia Noedel: Sounds So Weird in my but like sitting down. Like I feel like like I'm kind of like, not just, I guess it's more like I'm stiffening up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Alicia Noedel: So I'm just like clinching all my muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go ahead and get into it to exaggerate it and I'm doing it to. I'm kind of doing a buttocks workout.
Alicia Noedel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: I hold back like
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have to get out of this car right okay now let's name it. What's the emotion.
Alicia Noedel: Panic.
All right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's let this grounding stone work for you. Now you did all those muscles now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to pay attention to that right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting that some right in the divot
Gwenevere Abriel: She did turn your mind for you get and get out of the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have this communication between the gluteus maximus, the back muscles, the shoulders, just this whole body this tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to communicate also with this grounding stone feel the dividend soon as you feel the divot invite in
Gwenevere Abriel: That fresh country smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the sudden wow feel that warmth on your skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: color magenta. The poppies that have gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering the relaxed safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: experience of being present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Touched touchstone
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeping your cool
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you can touch that stone in your pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a reminder,
Gwenevere Abriel: Of safety in everything is OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can stay awake can be vigilant.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can keep your cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if they accept that agreement that it's okay to just, just relax and have faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: That their safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Alicia Noedel: It kind of feels like I'm putting like power.
Alicia Noedel: Into the rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Kinda like my little make like my magic wand, you know,
Alicia Noedel: In my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heck yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be cool to have that around you.
And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and to not pretend like these things weren't happening. But instead, you've got a plan. You could have that
Gwenevere Abriel: As a on your list of things to bring with you when you're going to go to the store. It's going to sit in your pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know it's going to happen. So you might want to have that out as you're driving up right you're going to feel it. Now, obviously you can't close your eyes. If you're the driver and she might stop and
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of skipping over and pretending like I've got it brace myself and push past all of it. Instead, getting more in touch with that power that you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To really regularly and you can get we're giving that rock that power.
Alicia Noedel: It feels like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I love that you were able to really notice that it was the divot on the song not smooth divot that that's the one you want to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: That you just go directly to all that imagery that you had
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What better way to go into Walmart right then that feeling cool and relaxed and comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you remember items better. It'll just be a much better experience.
Alicia Noedel: Even before this whole pandemic one where it was always like a really triggering place for me because it's so like over the top and
Alicia Noedel: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. I'm just curious what what what's over the top right now. I don't want to misunderstand. Tell me what feels over the top.
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I mean, maybe it's just because there's so many people
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Alicia Noedel: And everybody's you know
Alicia Noedel: In my town, since it's really small. It feels like everybody in their ground was at Walmart all at once, half the time. And so
Alicia Noedel: It's constantly people will be a new each other and you know
Alicia Noedel: Right now it's, you know, the six feet thing, but people are still literally like squeezing past each other. Basically touching each other and
Alicia Noedel: Like, there'll be like nine people with all their baskets and and in one I'll
Alicia Noedel: So,
Alicia Noedel: I think it's just the amount of people
Gwenevere Abriel: So it sounds like there's a couple of things that this touchstone can do is
Gwenevere Abriel: IS NOT LET YOU GET RIGHT TO LAST also in
Alicia Noedel: The aware. I do. I do forget things every time.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe what today is is going around, nice and easy getting a piece of paper, write it all down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we do our brain. We're, we're going to be so preoccupied with this other piece we're not going to be thinking is straight that's universal that's not a flaw of you that's everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm certainly write everything down. I don't rely on me.
Alicia Noedel: Usually I try and write lists, but sometimes I even forget the list.
Alicia Noedel: On the way to the store or
Alicia Noedel: I don't know, it's just like I get there, and my mind automatically starts going into like a panic and I'm trying to just get out of there as fast as I can. So I'll go to the bat. I'll try it and go like an order.
Alicia Noedel: from Iowa Iowa and then I'll get to the back and realized I forgot something in the friend zone and realize that there's something in the middle that I saw.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can touch that stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can feel it. And you can also know everybody's going through this. As soon as you think that they are not supposed to be going through this. You have to go back to that same mile because you forgot. Three things from that same mile just lightly giggle and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is worth it. I'm going to go back to that I'll I'm going to go get exactly what I need. I just remembered it. Thank you brain for helming there. I gotta remember this list, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use as much as you can that stone to get you to don't go past this moment just experiencing it differently. I can have this neutral positive experience right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of its on screeching hold you can literally bring your heart rate down I feeling that stone and the cognitive reframe is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here, I might as well go back to that I'll again. Might as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Already there are digital the hard work and you don't know how it's going to be today. You might notice it's not as stressful. You might notice it's not quite as distressing as before, maybe that'll be the experience. I hope it is.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, is there also a piece of the
Gwenevere Abriel: The assertiveness part. Are there people that you want to be able to say, hey, I'd be more comfortable if we had some more distance is that that nice
Alicia Noedel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too nice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know the Walmart out here. They have an in and out area they they're trying to limit the number of people and and you may notice going back that they have new rules in place. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so it's ok so maybe this area is congested. So then if you bring your list and a pen. You can mark off the things that
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already. You don't have to overthink it. I've already gotten this one I market through. That's a congested area. I'm not going to push past that already is kind of people
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've watched it to they I have one guy at Costco. He was a young lady from from the, from the store and I was like, Oh, it is. This is like off the chain these people's behavior. It's, it's just bizarre.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know it's surreal.
Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give this stone a try. I would invite now when it wouldn't work if she's not in distress right now. Take some time right that list have it out on the counter say hey guys, if you guys want to add something, you know, whatever your family kind of style is and
Gwenevere Abriel: And keep that keep that stone with you in your in your pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and let it be magic give it that power.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why wouldn't we yes of uncertainty, having all this power over us, which we gain no more certainty, we can't do it. You can't, we can't overcome that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can tap into this magic and guess what you'll have in a day, you'll have comfort. Why wouldn't I want you to have that. Of course I do.
Alicia Noedel: Thank you. Quinn.
Alicia Noedel: appreciate everything
Alicia Noedel: That you have shown me
Alicia Noedel: A lot of as helps me
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, we're gonna meet again I'm and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, middle, it could touch a little bit in some of that that concept of assertiveness and ton of go from sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery where we're kind of doing some fancy stuff that way. And we could just old school basic communication. We can candidate into that one and see if you like that too. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: I feel better physically feel better.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, my lungs mature anything
Anything.
Alicia Noedel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, absolutely. Thank you. I really enjoyed this. I went there with you. You want you and she said Wizard of Oz. I was like, and then you don't have picturing I was picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: That that yellow brick road was how your kids from Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Girl, and you've covered with poppies on the way and I was like picture and all kinds of cool things on the way. I was like, yeah, this is the way I'm going to Walmart know
Alicia Noedel: I just bought the DVD probably like a month ago. And so I just rewatch the Wizard of Oz like as an adult.
Alicia Noedel: And it's so amazing. Like, it's so different as an adult, you understand it so much like in a different way.
Alicia Noedel: Such a good movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, as we've matured, right. The, the symbolism. Now we can see it from this sort of psychological level.
Alicia Noedel: Right. And it was like 90% of what they were saying. I never understood when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you get the little
Hyper V of
Gwenevere Abriel: Character. Cute, cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if you're okay with it. Can we can we meet April 27 at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so what are you going to do when you leave me here.
Alicia Noedel: I'm gonna go check on the baby.
Absolutely.
Alicia Noedel: I'm gonna write my list. And I'm gonna hold my stone and take some time to
Alicia Noedel: Chill. Calm down.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right before you get in the car. Why, when you stop the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, keep it in your pocket and even just knowing that it's there in year
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got some pocket jeans, maybe having them there. I don't know if you want to be moving your hand back and forth to it from the outside. I was thinking about, I was like well under normal circumstances, I have you reached in the store.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I know.
Alicia Noedel: Alice. I put a global on and then wrap this in a plastic
Alicia Noedel: bag or a glove.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so I'm optimistic about that. I really am. Let's, let's see if that can be that space and just, just give it the magic that's needed, why not
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you need me to do anything messaged the doctor or anything or we'll, we'll just get to see each other in the morning.
Alicia Noedel: I'm, you know, I'm good.
Alicia Noedel: For now.
Alicia Noedel: Like NEXT TO LIKE TO TWO WEEKS every two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll see in group.
Alicia Noedel: Alright. Have a great day. Quinn.
Alicia Noedel: Thank you so much.
Alicia Noedel: Bye.